AWS also offers a serverless option for your Kubernetes
pods by using the AWS Fargate service.
Instead of a node pool of EC2 nodes that you have to manage and maintain,
your node pool is composed of Fargate resources that are
automatically provisioned and will automatically scale.
There are some pod limitations for what can run on Fargate
so be sure to check the documentation for the latest
information about this offering.
We're going to go ahead and create a cluster using a
Fargate node pool and show you how to deploy and scale the
demo application on that cluster.
When you create the cluster,
you'll use the eksctl create cluster command the same as before,
but you will add the --fargate flag.
Notice also how it creates a Fargate profile for your cluster.
When you run kubectl get nodes,
you'll see the Fargate resources that have been allocated to
run Kube Master in your infrastructure.
At this point we have not deployed the demo app yet.
You'll deploy the same as you did before with kubectl create deployment,
and we can see the pod running.
You'll also use the same kubectl scale deployment to change the number of pods.
Let's scale it up to 3, and now we have 3 pods running.
Notice how each pod is running on its own Fargate resource.
We can look at the pods and the nodes and note that we have
three Fargate resources for our three pods, then another two Fargate resources for the underlying infrastructure.